fix type to accomodate for vuex and used field (#163)
Dataport/polar: packages/types/custom/CHANGELOG.md

- Fix: Properly document optional parameters of interfaces `AddressSearchConfiguration`, `FeatureList`, `FilterConfigurationTime`, `FilterConfigurationTimeOption`, `GeoLocationConfiguration`, `LayerConfigurationOptionLayers` and `PinsConfiguration`
- Fix: Add missing parameters `mode` and `renderType` to `GfiConfiguration`.
- Fix: Remove mpapi-search specific parameters from general interface `QueryParameters`.

> - Fix: Extend SelectResultPayload with fitting vuex parameters, and SelectResultFunction with `title` field as used in AddressSearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Extend `SelectResultPayload` with fitting vuex parameters, and `SelectResultFunction` with `title` field as used in `@polar/plugin-address-search`.
```
